ABBY LEE MILLER: Coming up.
Welcome to a "Dance Moms"
special, So Far This Season.
We're only halfway
through this season.
MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: Screw
you. I did not sleep with my
boss.
You're full of [bleep], Kelly.
Oh, well, maybe you
should get [bleep].
Cathy gets Abyy's
sloppy seconds.
- I love that!
- Studio hopper, did you just
say that?
ABBY LEE MILLER: I'm going to
be recapping all the drama--
crazy mom moments,
incredible dancing,
and dances
that should have never been
seen.
[music playing] I just walk,
walk, walk, and I pose.
So, so, so chic--
Coming up on So Far This Season.
[theme music]
THEME SONG: Get up,
get on the floor.
My world is with my girls
living on the dance floor.
Welcome to "Dance Moms,"
So Far This Season.
We're in the beginning
of a brand-new dance season.
Over the next hour,
I'm going to be recapping.
You're going to see
all the drama, crazy mom
moments,
incredible dancing,
and dances that should have
never been
seen on So Far This Season.
This season, I
thought I'd finally
put an end to Christi
complaining about Maddie
all the time.
She's been jealous of that kid
since the beginning of time.
You know what, Christi?
If you want Chloe
to have more time with me,
how about getting
her to class on time?
[applause]
Woo!
[MUSIC - WIZARDZ OF OZ FT.
GLENNA BREE. "YOU CAN BE
ANYTHING"]
(SINGING) It takes a moment
to break a butterfly
unaware that's when
you hear an angel cry.
It takes a heartbeat
to bring someone back to life
and then you feel that
it's all been worthwhile.
Voices inside me
keep guiding my way.
Someone who loved me
I still hear them say
you can be anything, anything,
anything you dreamed of,
anything you dreamed of.
And I can't stand to wait,
but I can't bear to go.
The door is open
and it won't be there for long I
know.
The truth of who I am
and who I want to be and what is
possible
is standing right in front me.
Yeah.
'Cause you can be
anything, anything,
anything you dreamed of.
You can be anything, anything,
anything you dreamed of,
anything, anything,
anything you dreamed of.
Anything, anything.
Oh, you can be anything.
You can be anything, anything,
anything you dreamed of,
anything you dreamed of.
[cheers and applause]
Chloe's ready.
She knows what an
opportunity it is,
and she knows what it means
to prove to Abby
that she is someone
to be reckoned with.
ANNOUNCER: Coming up now
is entry number 19,
and here's Chloe with "You Can."
[music - "you can be anything"]
(SINGING) It takes a moment
to break a butterfly.
Unaware, that's when
you hear an angel cry.
It takes a heartbeat
to bring someone back to life
and then you feel that
it's all been worthwhile.
Voices inside me
keep guiding the way.
And someone who
loved me I still hear
them say you can be
anything, anything,
anything you dreamed of,
anything you dreamed of.
And I can't stand to wait
but i can't bear to go.
The door is open and it won't
be there for long I know.
The truth of who I am and who I
want to be and what is possible
is standing right
in front of me.
You can be anything, anything,
anything you dreamed of.
anything you dreamed of,
anything you dreamed
of, anything, anything,
anything you dreamed of.
You can be anything, anything,
anything you dreamed of,
anything you dreamed of.
[applause]
Chloe danced beautifully.
And if I were Melissa and
Maddie, I'd be worried.
Maddie, she knew that
she needed to be stronger,
better
and win this.
Chloe came out of the gate
and was perfect.
She looks stunning.
But it was all
downhill from then on.
Every studio owner and director
gets their score sheets,
along with their music back,
after the competition is over.
I wanted to see what the judges
said about Maddie,
what she needed to improve on,
and the same thing with Chloe.
We look at all of
the scoresheets.
But we found a mistake.
I found a mathematical error.
[applause]
I need to talk to
your tabulator.
We have a little
discrepancy here.
But I don't want to do
this in front of everyone.
Good dance.
Thanks.
This is worth 25 points,
and they gave it 27.5.
Well, you, like,
it was between--
- It's wrong.
- Okay.
Two, two makes 22.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Maddie
won the whole thing.
Nice try, guys.
Would-- can we rectify this?
Okay, here's the situation.
Uh-huh.
This is worth 25 points.
Right.
Maddie got 24, which
is higher than Chloe.
Do you see what I mean?
- This is your winner.
- So Maddie won.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Maddie won
everything. I think you should
tell her. [laughs]
- I'll tell her.
- Because they're both my
students.
And I always get blamed for,
oh, you favor this kid
and this kid's special,
da-da-da-da-da.
But I know the difference.
And even though they were both
on and they were both amazing,
I saw the jumps. I saw the plie.
I saw the contractions.
I saw the face.
I knew there was
something weird.
Hey, congratulations.
[cheering]
Hey!
- DIRECTOR: We had a goof.
- What?
DIRECTOR: One of our judges,
they gave Chloe a 99.10.
She actually had a 96.6
because they gave her
a 27.5 in a category
that only had 25 points.
That means that the overall
winner would have been Maddie.
[claps]
Congratulations, Maddie.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Thank you so
much. We appreciate that.
- DIRECTOR: Yes, I'm sorry.
- Hey, you know, things happen.
All right.
Thank you very much.
DIRECTOR: Thank you.
[whooping] Everybody,
congratulations on the group.
Maddie and Chloe,
congratulations
on being great sports.
Mistakes happen.
CHLOE LUKASIAK: : The director
of the competition told us that
there was a mistake
in the scores
and that I didn't really win
and Maddie won.
And I was a little upset,
but I was really happy for
Maddie.
Mackenzie, what are you
doing there with the hairdo?
What did I tell you?
Never leave home without your
bows.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Are you
kidding me that it just so
happened
that Chloe and Maddie's scores
were the only ones
out of the entire competition
with 80-some routines
that were incorrect?
Are you kidding?
So, Abby, how did you discover
the discrepancy
between the 30 point
and the 25 point?
ABBY LEE MILLER: No, I didn't.
They came to me.
I guess the judges said,
there's a problem.
We have a problem.
- DIRECTOR: I'm sorry.
- Yes.
You okay?
I stole your score sheets.
I kept them with me.
And I wanted to say
once again, you know,
this doesn't happen
that often at all,
but I wanted to say thank you
for bringing it to our
attention.
- Oh.
- That's all.
[suspenseful music]
Do you realize how proud
I am of both of my girls
that they were that close that
it could have gone either way?
That's what a
dance teacher does.
And that's why Maddie
and Chloe are healthy
competitors.
The victories should
go back and forth.
One week it's Maddie,
the next week it's Chloe.
That's why together,
as a duet, they are invincible.
ANNOUNCER: Taking the stage now
is entry number 47,
junior duo-trio division.
Here comes Maddie and Chloe
with "We're All Right."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
Oh.
Oh, oh.
Stop your dreaming.
There's a breath you can
take while you're waking.
There's a kind word to stop
your knees quaking for food.
Don't feel so misunderstood.
Close your eyes
and hold me tight.
'Cause we're all right
just barely shaking.
You tell me you're fine,
I see you breaking.
Get throught the night.
I promise you now.
We'll find the way
to make it somehow.
We'll find a way
Here is my coat to
wear when it pours.
That's just a passing
storn to ignore.
When you think you can't take it
hold on one moment more.
'Cause we're all right
just barely shaking.
You tell me you're fine,
I see you breaking.
Get through the night
I promise you now.
We'll find the way
to make it somehow.
We'll find a way
Oh, oh.
Somehow.
[applause]
Chloe and Maddie
danced like mirrors.
They're back.
The girls are back.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
Maddie and Chloe
may think they're the best
dancers in the Abby Lee Dance
Company,
but you can't
rest on your laurels.
Here's my next
generation of dancers.
Okay.
So do it well.
There's nothing to worry about.
ANNOUNCER: Coming to the stage
now would be entry number 17--
entry number 17
is in the mini-solo division.
Here is Mackenzie,
with "Old West."
[MUSIC - TUMBLEDOWN
HOUSE, "OLD POTOSI"]
(SINGING) South
of the old Potosi,
east of the Toston Dam--
west of Robber's Ruse,
there's a lay of land.
You best belkeive
there's no governor-- no sheriff
runs
this town.
Well, Old Roy might lock you up,
but he'll turn you out
if you buy the next round.
The sweet sounds that
you cannot place.
What's mine is yours.
Well, down comes Skinny Sarah
Sideshow and all the boys
she soon will know.
A Molotov cocktail
aided by a warm gale
gave the place a rosy glow.
Yes, those woods went
up in a mighty blaze.
[applause]
[music playing]
I think Mackenzie
did great today.
She had a lot of energy
and great technique.
It's going to be a
tough act to follow.
Mackenzie's going to have to
watch out,
because Asia's
going to be on fire.
It's going to be
too hot to handle.
Those judges are
going to love it.
ANNOUNCER: Coming
to the stage now--
we've got entry number 18.
In the [inaudible] division,
here is Asia with [inaudible]
[applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) Oh!
Here it comes.
[inaudible] Here we go.
Ugh! (Singing) Every time
I'm dancing in my club,
everybody want to
come get with me.
They ask me, do you
got a boyfriend?
Ha! No, no, no. I'm free.
[inaudible] Hey, let me
take you out sometime.
[inaudible] Hey, let
me get your number.
But realize nobody
can come to me.
And you know, too hot--
too hot to handle.
Baby, I'm too hot to handle.
T-t-t- too hot to handle.
That's what you got to learn.
Baby boy, you
can't hold a candle
to the t-t-t- too hot to handle.
Baby, I'm too hot to handle.
Careful, now, you
might get burned.
Too hot.
T-t-t- too hot to handle.
That's what you got to learn.
Baby boy, you
can't hold a candle
to my t-t-t- too hot to handle.
Baby, I'm too hot to handle.
Careful, now, you
might get burned.
Too hot-- too hot to handle.
[inaudible] Too hot-- too--
too hot!
[applause]
[music playing]
Asia came out there smoking.
She just grabs that audience.
This performance is probably
one of her best ones.
Maddie's mom, Melissa,
is a great dance mom.
She's there on time.
She pays her bill.
But what she's not
too great at is friendships.
Those other moms are always
trying to lure her over
to the dark side.
Melissa only needs one friend,
and that's me.
So basically, your choice as
a mother is dance trumps all--
just to be clear.
That's funny.
[music playing]
Why is that funny?
Because you know Christi sneaks
all the time. You've said it.
No, I'm saying I wouldn't do it.
MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: Oh,
okay. - What do I sneak about?
What you mean? You
talk to everybody.
Give me a break.
If you could sleep with Abby,
you would, and you know it.
(SARCASTICALLY) Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Well, that's how you tend
to get ahead in life, Melissa.
Oh, yeah, I sleep
with everybody!
You do, boss.
I've never slept with my boss.
Yes, you did-- you married him.
Yes, I married-- right after.
Yeah, after you slept with him
and had an affair
- when he had a wife.
- MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: I did
not.
- And you had a husband!
- Guess what?
I didn't sleep with him!
And don't start with me again,
Christi.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: You did!
- You know what?
I know-- storm out.
We love it.
Oh, I am storming out, because
this is not being brought up--
- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Sue me!
- MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI:
--through you.
- I know!
- I did not sleep with my boss!
- [inaudible]
- You know what?
- You want to play those games?
- What's wrong?
JILL VERTES: She has to live
with the decision she made.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Like, I'm not
going to sit up here and make
this easy on her.
She didn't make it easy on
any of those six little girls.
She knew she had that coming.
Shall we belly up to the bar?
Let's do it.
I love when the moms finally
break free of dance jail.
You know, we get to hang out.
We get to have drinks--
you know, vent a little bit.
- I'll have a diet cola.
- Oh!
Get that-- she
lives on the edge.
I'll have the $100 martini.
Is anyone really missing
from the picture?
No, we're all here.
I could not believe
earlier that Melissa
said that we hoped her
and her kids died in a car
crash.
Yeah, I hate that.
I hate, hate, hate that--
- HOLLY FRAZIER: That was
disturbing. - That's crazy!
If she really believes that,
then we're in trouble.
- I know! Who thinks that way?
- I don't know. That was crazy.
And you know what? If that's the
way she feels, then, you know,
I don't be your friend.
We all discussed this as a group
and decided as a team
we were not sending our kids to
this.
I just think that this proves
that we can't trust Melissa.
Melissa sat there and told
all of us-- she promised.
Like, what does
that make you think?
Because that makes me think
that she doesn't really
value our friendship?
She's definitely made
it out that dance
is more important than school.
If the only thing that's
important to you in life
is getting your kids ahead
of other people in dance,
don't sit upstairs and pretend
you don't care if your kids win
or lose.
Own who you are.
Stop lying to our faces.
Maddie had an hour with Abby.
Mackenzie had two
hours with Abby.
And Chloe got none?
If you can't see that's wrong,
then you are really blind.
Then you have a problem.
The fundamental issue is your
word-- you know, friendship.
What is it worth?
And what it's taught me
is that I can't trust everybody
when they give their word.
In this season, there was
quite a moment with Kelly.
Now, it's hard enough for me
to keep the kids focused,
but the moms--
they're even tougher.
I said, you were clearly
upset with Abby--
you didn't want to take it out
on her, so you took on
[inaudible].
I was not upset with Abby.
Kelly, you were upset
about something.
But why were you
screaming at me?
If anyone, Christi
should understand
why I wouldn't want
to start a fight with Abby.
Why Christi doesn't have
my back is beyond me.
You didn't stand up
for yourself with Abby.
That's not the Kelly I know.
KELLY HYLAND: Hmm,
maybe it's the new Kelly
- that you don't know.
- I know.
You know, you said yourself
that you don't even think of me
as a friend anymore--
that I'm a horrible friend.
I never said that.
You're full of [bleep] [bleep],,
Kelly, and you know it!
Oh, oh.
Well, maybe you should get
[bleep]!!
What did she just say?
Who just said that?
I think what's
happening here, Kelly--
instead of your aggression
towards Abby, which is--
You're taking it
out on all of us!
I don't even want to hear
it, Kristi, 'cause remember?
- I'm a bad friend.
- You know what, you are!
When I sat here the entire week
you were gone and
stuck up for you.
- Whatever. Kiss my ass.
- You know what?
You didn't call me, because
you were pissed off about
something else.
Getting there.
That shows me that you're
really not a good friend.
- KELLY HYLAND: Believe me,
Christi. - I know! I know!
- I won't be your friend-- ever.
- Because I kiss everyone's
ass--
- You do!
- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: --to get my
kid ahead.
- You do!
- No, I don't!
- KELLY HYLAND: You do.
- [bleep] you, Kelly!
- KELLY HYLAND: Ask Abby!
- [bleep] you!
Kelly's not the only
one that can lose it.
Jill-- she had her moment, too,
and I warned her to steer clear
of that dance mom.
- Hello!
- Hi!
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Ew!
We have unwelcome guests.
WOMAN: So what is going on here?
I see you got some
new team members.
- MAN: Well, welcome, ladies.
- Well, aren't you just a nosy
one?
Yes, I am!
Abby Lee Miller's
got her spies out.
I'm loving it.
I feel like they're
starting to squirm.
I know from experience
this is a waste of your time.
- Oh my God!
I didn't even recognize her!
They let her back in!
She got Kicked out of
the last competition.
No, we walked away from it.
We walked away from
the competition.
No, no, they escorted
you out. We saw it.
They told us the police
are here just in case
you have a little issue.
We walk into the dressing room,
and there's Black Patsy,
and she has this new look.
And she looks
exactly like Holly--
has Holly's hairdo,
is dressed like Holly.
And I'm thinking to myself,
are you trying to be Holly?
Because you'll never be
like Holly, Black Patsy.
No matter how hard you try,
you'll just never
be like Dr. Holly.
Hey, who was the one
who started hurling insults
at the children? You.
I hurled insults at
Abby, and she didn't
- want to hear want to hear
that. - JILL VERTES: [inaudible]
That's what you do.
Why are you loud?
Have you not learned
anything yet?
Let's go.
'Cause there are no police
in here to protect you.
- No, I'm not talking to you,
Kathy. - CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: It
doesn't matter.
- Yes, it does!
The sign on the door
says Candy Apples--
Didn't say do not enter.
--says Candy Apple,
so why are you here?
- It didn't say ALDC.
- JILL VERTES: Why are you here?
- Because I was invited here.
- JILL VERTES: Abby's sloppy
seconds.
Cathy gets Abby's
sloppy seconds.
Studio-hopper, did
you just say that?
JILL VERTES: Come on,
let's get out of here.
Have fun!
Good luck with your new team.
They are a mess.
Put your mouth on vacation.
- Shut up.
- Who says shut up?
How old are you?
You said my daughter
sucked, remember?
That little girl cannot dance.
Your daughter cannot dance.
Well, you know what's funny?
We said the same thing
about your little girl.
You told my daughter she sucked.
Get off of me.
JILL VERTES: She pushed my face.
You touched me first.
- Please walk away.
- Let go!
I'm trying to get out of here.
She's crying
because I poked her in her nose,
but you don't walk up
on a sister like that
and think I'm just going to
stand back and say, hey, no get
out of my face.
She's lucky I didn't
punch her ass.
Really?
What would you do?
[inaudible] Jill.
That's wrong.
She's being aggressive now.
JILL VERTES: Were you there
when I got the water thrown on
me?
A whole bottle. By her.
She's just a witch.
I am so glad
that I wasn't there to see that.
I was all the way out
in Hollywood, California
looking for a new location
to house the Abby Lee Dance
Company.
I mean, come on, what
is Jill thinking?
She is a member of this team.
Jill, you need to
act like a lady.
I have one dancer on my team
that is never happy.
I refer to her as
brooding Brooke.
I set Brooke up on
date number two.
Now, this guy wants to
be a professional dancer.
He is fantastic.
And I think, maybe if Brooke
has a crush on some guy
that's at the dance studio
all the time, that really works
hard,
that maybe she'll
want to work hard too.
I know when I watch Kevin dance,
it puts a smile on my face.
I hope he's going to do the same
with Brooke on their date.
[music]
BROOKE HYLAND: Thank you.
Hi.
SHOP ASSISTANT: Can I
help you with something?
Yeah, what do you want?
Kevin I don't really know each
other, so it's kind of awkward.
- Do you guys have tiramisu?
- I do.
I have slices right here.
Can we have like four of those?
Can also have a cannoli?
Or like two cannolis?
You're going to sit down
and eat all that, right?
- Okay.
- I'm a growing man.
I'm feeling a lot of pressure on
me to connect with Kevin.
If we don't win,
it's probably going to be my
fault.
So is it like,
is it good for you to finally
have the difference between like
dancing with them all the time
and now dancing with us?
Dancing with you guys is like
a lot more like challenging, I'd
say.
Because dancing with
them, it's like--
- Almost like cheesy stuff.
- BROOKE HYLAND: Yeah.
Like jazzy songs, through like--
Although I love the girls a lot,
dancing with the seniors
is more mature.
It was good to change
things up a little bit.
So how do you feel that
Abby set us up on this date?
She actually set me up
on a date a while ago too.
Miss Abby always says
no boys, no boys,
but this is the second date
she set me up on.
And who is this other person?
So I can go find him?
Brandon.
But our parents were both there.
Like his parents and my parents.
Are you surprised your mom
let us come alone?
- No, not really.
- We're sharing cannoli.
That's as romantic
as you can get.
[screams]
Here, I'll help you.
Oh, I am so sorry.
BROOKE HYLAND:
The date's going pretty well.
And then I turned around
and sudden, I had cake in my
face.
I'll definitely do
a duet with Kevin,
but a date, that's
another story.
Well, Brooke's finally
right about one thing.
No boys, no boys, no boys.
You don't have time for boys
if you're dancing,
and that's a fact.
Now, should Brooke get to know
her dance partner,
somebody that she's doing lifts
with, somebody that she has to
trust?
Absolutely.
It's important for
the two of them
to connect on some level,
whatever that is,
so that
when they step on stage,
that relationship is believable.
And that's what I
was trying to do.
Did they have a good time? Yes.
Are they friends now? Yes.
Do they trust each other? Yes.
ANNOUNCER: Taking the stage now,
with the entry number 79
is in the teens small
[inaudible] division.
[inaudible] not me.
ABBY LEE MILLER:
First group number
we have up today is
my senior company.
They've never traveled to one of
our group competitions before.
I'm really interested to see
how Brooke does performing
with kids that
are older than her
rather than younger than her.
Because let's face it,
she misses one of those lifts,
it's all over for Brooke.
[music playing]
Well, I know that
I'm always right.
Setting these two up on a date
was exactly what
needed to happen.
Brooke and Kevin stepped on
stage and performed beautifully.
I've known Cathy for years,
and she's always
been nipping at my heels.
While I was away in California,
building my dream,
she was building a new team.
Kids I've never seen before.
And lo and behold,
a dance routine
that will go down in history
as classic Candy Apple crap.
[music playing]
[applause]
CATHY NESBITT-STEIN:
"So Chic" was so much fun,
and very entertaining.
So chic? So chic?
I don't think so.
The lyrics to the song
were saying "I can't dance".
At least Cathy got
something right.
Cathy has a most unique
little dancer on her team.
He's unique,
because he doesn't really dance,
he doesn't take class,
he doesn't train,
he doesn't put his feet,
he doesn't turn out
and he probably doesn't know
one word of terminology.
Can he spin on his head?
Yes.
But he has that small man thing
going on, and so does daddy.
[music playing]
[applause]
Oh, man.
The little man with
the Napoleon complex
is crying in the audience?
Oh boo hoo hoo.
Man up, little guy, man up.
That routine I would
have loved to judge.
He lip lip-sync the
entire competition,
so maybe you want to take him
to a karaoke bar
instead of a dance competition.
And then the technique?
Where was it? No turnout.
No stretched feet. No lines.
Come on.
He wants to do a
triple pirouette?
You have to learn how to do
a single pirouette first.
MICKEY CONSCULLUELA:
Cathy is running the show here,
obviously, but as a parent
I think there comes a time
when we see our kids are in
need, or are not
being looked at properly.
And I think that's
when a parent steps in.
Nobody's home.
- Everybody decent?
= KELLY HYLAND: Yes, we're
decent.
Hi, how are you?
RICK TESTERMAN: I've worn Cathy
before about Mickey.
Now the proof is in the pudding.
My question is, I need to look
at what I'm going
to do with my kid.
If you feel that Gino
could work with you,
and you can utilize Gino,
it'd be a benefit for us all.
MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: His goal
is to get Gino on Abby's team
and off Cathy's.
I don't blame him for that.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh, [kiss].
They're lovers, not fighters.
MICKEY CONSCULLUELA:
Congratulations on your winnings
today.
The numbers were very nice.
JILL VERTES: So what
was that all about?
Did he want Gino to come here?
He's talking about
moving, I guess.
HOLLY FRAZIER:
Cathy is gonna lose her mind.
She is gonna lose her mind,
if she hears that Gino's dad
basically begged for a spot
on Abby's the competition team?
Lose it.
Mickey, he proved
to be a lover not a fighter.
He was giving me a hug
and a kiss, and schmoozing me.
And this and that. Hey, Mickey.
Don't BS a BSer.
That's rule number one.
Do you think Gino really has
what it takes to be Maddie's
partner?
I don't know.
But let Gino prove his dancing.
He shouldn't have his daddy
doing the work for him.
I was in California,
and everything was beautiful.
I had to come back to all this.
The moms, the fighting,
I favor this kid, I favor that
kid.
If you're jealous of
somebody else's time
that they spend with me,
then sign your kid up for more
lessons.
Respect me.
Talk about me to your child
with love and admiration.
That's how you're going
to get your kid ahead.
I mean, come on, Christi,
you think that Melissa is a
liar?
You're the liar.
You lie right to my face
and you're teaching your child
to do the same thing,
and that scares me.
Everybody feels bad
for poor Chloe, poor Chloe,
because Abby's the big ogre.
Nobody feels as bad
for Chloe as I do.
Everybody thinks like I'm team
Maddie, and not team Chloe.
Guess what?
I'm team Abby Lee Dance Company.
It didn't matter who won, as
long as it was one of my team
members.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK:
Melissa, I think it's fair to
say
you felt that Maddie
was a shoo in--
No, I did not for tap.
I even told you guys here,
I told Maddie, just let you
know,
you're probably not going
to win because tap doesn't--
HOLLY FRAZIER: She
looked disappointed.
Oh, Maddie looking really upset.
Of course she did, but so did
Chloe. She stared at you the
whole time.
- No, she didn't.
-Yes, she did.
Chloe was happy she got fourth,
but don't go there Melissa.
Don't go there with
me either, because--
Of course, Maddie,
everybody, Maddie--
Just like when Maddie didn't
win Nationals, she cried--
Whatever, whatever.
HOLLY FRAZIER: I
feel kind of bad
that the girls probably
won't get to enjoy their win.
KELLY HYLAND: So
all your kissing ass
and doing whatever has paid off,
because you got Abby 100%
on your side.
And aren't you glad that
you went to LA to make sure
that she will protect you.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: But you
don't see when you do things
against the group that
it hurts our kids.
My kids come first to me,
and they always will come first
to me.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I can't say
that I'm fed up with Melissa's
lying and fakeness,
because I've always been fed up
with Melissa's lying and
fakeness,
but I think all the other moms
in the room are finally fed up
with it too.
- Good job!
- CHLOE: I got fourth for hip
-hop.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK:
I know, high-five!
And Melissa thought
you were upset.
MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: You said
that Maddie was so upset, okay?
So kiss my ass.
Why are you saying this
in front of your kids?
Because guess what?
You do it all the time.
You talk about my
kid all the time.
You say, oh, Maddie's upset.
Every time Maddie
doesn't win, oh my God,
Maddie's upset, Maddie's upset.
Don't play games.
She was crying, thank you.
Oh, whatever, screw you.
I'm done, I'm so over it.
You know what?
You're always against me.
Tell that trashy girl to stop.
We're leaving.
When I walk into the dressing
room, and Melissa's mad, she's
leaving.
The other kids aren't even in
there, they're all milling
around.
What is going on
with the Abby Lee Dance Company?
Come on, girls.
Well, you just saw
So Far This Season.
But there's so
much more to come.
Look at this, .
It's a taste of what's
to come this season
ABBY LEE MILLER (VOICEOVER):
The Abby Lee Dance Company
has one president.
And it's me.
[music playing]
ABBY LEE MILLER:
We are not going
to lose to that evil woman.
I'm the only evil
woman in your life.
- She likes food.
- CATHY NESBITT-STEIN: Yeah, I
know.
Did you know, Vivi,
that grandma was--
A Granny Apple.
She was?
MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI:
Asia doesn't get a solo,
you're leaving?
- Peace.
This is about dance,
are you insane?
JILL VERTES: You're saying
Abby doesn't do her job.
I said she treats
my kid like [bleep].
ABBY LEE MILLER: Your kid
is damn lucky, so shut your
mouth.
[cheering]
Never in 40 years--
KELLY HYLAND: -- has anyone
been given a solo the day
of the damn recital.
Ever.
- You're out.
- Good.
Call the police,
get her out of here.
KELLY HYLAND: See you ladies.
Have fun.